Why CRISP-DM is necessary?


 A company is using OCR (Optical Character Recognition) to be able to store into a
database their physical documents inventory. The focus is to have data integrity, even if
it costs to not be available all the time. Please inform which CAP subdomain and
technology it could be choose.
The best CAP subdomain to use would be CP, as you would need the data to be consistent for data integrity
and operating in case of node failures. 



 A company needs to store all the analytical interaction data of an e-commerce platform.
Due the to process the data on a streaming mode, the system needs to be available all
the time even if it costs the data consistency. Please inform which CAP subdomain and
technology it could be choose.

The best CAP subdomain would be the AP, as it would need to be available at all times and in the presense of node failures, 
despite not having great data consistency. 

 You was called to create an MDM (Master Data Management) platform to be used on fraud
cases. This data will be used as referential data to cross validate with the clients
interactions. It needs to be consistent and available. Please inform which CAP subdomain
and technology it could be choose.

The best CAP subdomain to use would be CA as the data needs to be consistent and available at all times. 

 Give extra examples of business problems for each of CAP subdomains
CA - Financial reports 
CP- E-commerce website
AP - Stock Market Exchange

Problem1
Servers generate a large number of events (i.e. logging,) that contain useful information about their
operation including errors, warnings, and users behaviour. Choose a solution to store this data focusing on the optimal data retrieval.

The data should be stored and compressed into smaller file sizes and saved to a backup server. Most database file logs are text files, 
so organizing them by title and date into subfolders can be programmed to be backed up everynight and stored either locally on 
harddrives or a server. 


Article: Microsoft Quietly Deletes Largest Public Face Recognition Data Set
https://medium.com/financial-times/microsoft-quietly-deletes-largest-public-face-recognition-data-set-10b95c288f22

Very interesting article about Micrsoft deleting 10 million user faces that was generated to help a facial recogntion program 
undergo machine learning, however was found to go against the GDPR as people did not provide consent and the program was being taught to 
help recognize and detect individuals. As well, other research firms have been ordered to delete their records of faces 
which was caught by a Berlin research firm. 

